---
layout: project
title:  "Thoughtworks University (TWU): UX and Business Analysis Trainer"
start-date: Mar 2022
end-date: Mar 2023
category: projects
current-page: portfolio-item
image: "twu-round.png"
short-description: "Trainer at internal Thoughtworks training program for new hires who are graduates or career changers"
skills: [Workshop Facilitation, Classes preparation and presentation, Content Creation, Mentoring]
skills-used: ['Workshops and classes presentation and facilitation (see above)', 'Learning Design', 'Content Creation (UX Design, Business Analysis, Agile, Diversity and Inclusion)', 'Mentoring']
---

I worked as a TWU trainer for one year. Thoughtworks University is a program designed to train and mentor new hires who are fresh out of university, bootcamps, or career changes, teaching them how to conduct themselves within a typical agile consultancy project. The program consists of three weeks of intensive, full-time classes and a project simulation, followed by monthly one-day sessions on specific topics and long-term mentoring.

During this year, I helped conduct eight different terms with around 20 new hires from all over Europe in each. I taught and conducted sessions on Design topics (interaction design, visual design, accessibility, user research, personas, user journeys), Business Analysis (estimation and planning, path to production, user story writing & INVEST, user story slicing and refinement), Agile (Agile 101, path to production), and facilitated several agile ceremonies (from sprint/iteration planning to retrospectives) to help the trainees learn how these sessions are conducted and then lead them themselves.

I also designed much of the program’s content, particularly the hands-on design sessions and a one-day monthly session on Accessibility, Diversity, and Inclusion.

This program was incredibly impactful and personally rewarding, especially as it gave me the opportunity to formally mentor all the trainees during the terms and 15 of them on a one-to-one basis throughout the year. I was able to help them adapt to the company, learn the ways of working, and find their path within the organization.

<span class="category-description">LOCATIONS:</span>
Berlin, Germany. Distributed team across Spain, England and the Netherlands.

<span class="category-description">PROCESS, TECHNOLOGIES AND TECHNIQUES:</span>{% for item in page.skills-used %}<span class="skill-item">{{ item }}</span> {% endfor %} 